EM add example post request body for unified RBAC (#13412)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/unifiedroleassignment.md

|roleDefinitionId|String| Identifier of the unifiedRoleDefinition the assignment is for. Read-only. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only). |
|principalId|String| Identifier of the principal to which the assignment is granted. Supports `$filter` (`eq` operator only). |
|directoryScopeId|String|Identifier of the directory object representing the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only.|

> |appScopeId|String|Identifier of the app specific scope when the assignment scope is app specific. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use `/` for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only.  For the entitlement management provider, app scopes are used to specify a catalog, as in `/AccessPackageCatalog/beedadfe-01d5-4025-910b-84abb9369997`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|appScopeId|String|Identifier of the app specific scope when the assignment scope is app specific. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use `/` for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only.  For the entitlement management provider, use app scopes to specify a catalog, for example `/AccessPackageCatalog/beedadfe-01d5-4025-910b-84abb9369997`.|
```
